README.markdown, before:

This fork updates extension to work with Spree 0.30 and Rails 3. Installation via gem (bundler)

[BloggingSpree](http://github.com/jaymendoza/spree-blogging-spree/)
---------------

Originally forked from [paulcc/spree-blog](http://github.com/paulcc/spree-blog/), this extension intends to offer a more complete blogging solution for use within the Spree E-Commerce application. It currently consists of a blog, news archive, and a news archive widget written in jQuery.

See the [issue tracker](http://github.com/jaymendoza/spree-blogging-spree/issues) for future plans.


Installation
------------
Add to your Gemfile:
    gem 'spree_blogging_spree', :git => 'git://github.com/divineforest/spree-blogging-spree.git'

Run:
    bundle install
    rails g spree_blogging_spree:install
    rake db:migrate`

Compatibility
-------------

* Spree 0.30

Dependencies
------------

* is_taggable
* jQuery
* nicEdit *(included)*

Testing
-------
NB: tests may not work with Spree 0.30 and Rails 3

* shoulda
* factory_girl
* Spork

The included spec_helper.rb is configured for use with Spork due to Spree's extended loading time.

Following the lead of the Spree development team, all tests have been converted to shoulda from RSpec.

Commit message:

added Markdown support and removed the visual editor

README.markdown, after:

This fork updates extension to work with Spree 0.30 and Rails 3. Installation via gem (bundler)
It also swaps out a Markdown for a rich text editor.

[BloggingSpree](http://github.com/jaymendoza/spree-blogging-spree/)
---------------

Originally forked from [paulcc/spree-blog](http://github.com/paulcc/spree-blog/), this extension intends to offer a more complete blogging solution for use within the Spree E-Commerce application. It currently consists of a blog, news archive, and a news archive widget written in jQuery.

See the [issue tracker](http://github.com/jaymendoza/spree-blogging-spree/issues) for future plans.


Installation
------------
Add to your Gemfile:
    gem 'spree_blogging_spree', :git => 'git://github.com/divineforest/spree-blogging-spree.git'

Run:
    bundle install
    rails g spree_blogging_spree:install
    rake db:migrate`

Compatibility
-------------

* Spree 0.30

Dependencies
------------

* is_taggable
* jQuery
* nicEdit *(included)*

Testing
-------
NB: tests may not work with Spree 0.30 and Rails 3

* shoulda
* factory_girl
* Spork

The included spec_helper.rb is configured for use with Spork due to Spree's extended loading time.

Following the lead of the Spree development team, all tests have been converted to shoulda from RSpec.
